This box lets you choose among three different tasks to perform with the 
Phoenix Web Simulation. You can either submit a Phoenix job to a parallel
computer. This will cause Phoenix to first compute one or several converged 
model atmosphere(s) according to the selection of the Physics scroll down 
menu, and then compute the final spectrum on the desired spectral range and
resolution.  Or you can request published isochrones which are then 
interpolated on the selected filter system using model atmosphere colors 
on the grid chosen by the Physics scroll-down menu.  Or finally, you can 
submit Phoenix for the computation of opacity tables reflecting the opacities 
used in the most up-to-date model atmosphere grid (selected with the Physics 
scroll-down menu). 

The Physics scroll-down menu lets you choose among different setups, 
which are displayed with the most recent setups at the top and the 
oldest ones at the bottom:

* BT-Settl    With a cloud model, valid across the entire parameter range
              Allard et al. '03, Allard et al. '07, Allard et al. '09, 
              Allard et al. '10, Allard et al. '11, Allard et al. '12 

* BT-Dusty    Same as AMES-Dusty with updated opacities
              Allard et al. '09, Allard et al. '10, Allard et al. '11,
              Allard et al. '12

* BT-Cond     Same as AMES-Cond with updated opacities
              Allard et al. '09, Allard et al. '10, Allard et al. '11, 
              Allard et al. '12

* BT-NextGen  Same as NextGen with updated opacities		
              Allard et al. '09, Allard et al. '10, Allard et al. '11, 
              Allard et al. '12

* AMES-Dusty  Dust in equilibrium with gas phase,
              "valid" for Near-IR studies with Teff > 1700 K
     	      Allard et al. '01, Chabrier et al. '00

* AMES-Cond   Same as AMES-Dusty with dust opacities ignored, 
              "valid" for Teff< 1400 K         
              Allard et al. '01, Baraffe et al. '03

* NextGen     Gas phase only, valid for Teff > 2700 K
              Allard et al. '97, Baraffe et al. '97, Baraffe et al.'98, 
              Hauschildt et al. '99

The BT and AMES in the names of the grids refer to the source of water vapor 
line list used in these models (BT stands for the Barber & Tennyson BT2 2006 
line list, while AMES stands for the Partridge & Schwenke 1997 line list). 
The NextGen models used the preliminary water vapor line list by Schryber, 
Miller & Tennyson 1995. There is four different types of models below: the 
NextGen appellation is reserved for pure gas phase equilibrium models, the 
Dusty appellation refers to models in which dust is formed is equilibrium 
with the gas phase (maximum dust content), the Cond appellation refers to 
Dusty models is which the dust opacity has been neglected to simulated a 
minimum dust content case, and finally the Settl appellation refers to models 
accounting for dust formation via a paramater-free cloud model (base on the 
work by Rossow 1978). Relative to Dusty models, the latter models include 
among other microphysical processes, gravitational settling, which explains 
the choice of the Settl label for these models.   

These models are also provided for different solar abundance values from
different authors when available. CIFIST2011 stands for the Caffau et
al. (2011) values. AGSS2009 stands for the values by Asplund et
al. (2009). GAS2007 stands for the Grevesse, Asplund & Sauval (2007)
values. And GNS1993 stands for the original Grevesse, Noels & Sauval (1993)
values. However, the model grids do not differ by only the source of solar
abundances, but represent the Phoenix code development status (opacities,
cloud model) at the time of computation. The best models are therefore the
models that are the most recent i.e. computed with the most recent solar
abundance values. But you can of course run Phoenix with any of the offered
compositions.

For the computation of opacity tables one can therefore choose among a pure gas
phase, a Dusty, or a Cond type of model, along with the opacities reflecting
the most recent model atmosphere grid.  The Settl dust treatment cannot be
used for opacity table calculations.
